# icodecamp.github.io (dev branch)

This branch is the "master" code of the project

~~~~
├── config.toml
├── content
│   ├── apply.md
│   ├── faq.md
│   └── lessons
├── data
│   ├── carousel
│   └── features
├── publish.sh
├── shoulders.md
├── static
└── themes
    └── iccTheme
        ├── LICENSE.md
        ├── archetypes
        │   └── default.md
        ├── layouts
        │   ├── 404.html
        │   ├── _default
        │   │   ├── list.html
        │   │   └── single.html
        │   ├── archetypes
        │   │   └── default.md
        │   ├── index.html
        │   ├── page
        │   │   └── single.html
        │   └── partials
        ├── static
        └── theme.toml
~~~~


### Creating Lessons ###
Using the hugo CLI command `hugo new lessons/LESSON_NAME` will create a new markdown file in the "content > lessons" directory. 
Header is made up of:
* __Weight:__ the order in which the lesson will appear 
* __date:__ autogenerated, date of creation
* __title:__ title
* __tags:__ array of strings to categorize the lessons
* __category:__ single category, basically a sub-title
* __bannerImage:__ thumbnail of the lesson 
* __description:__ description
The content of the page can be written in normal markdown format. Hugo will convert these lessons into static html pages.

### Updating Content ###
* The `config.toml` file in the root directory manages the homescreen and navbar contents.
* The FAQ and Application content is managed in part by `faq.md` and `apply.md` files in content as well as the partials in the theme mentioned in the next section.
* The home screen carousel and skills section are managed by .yml files in the `data` folder in the root directory


### Editing the Theme ###
The iccTheme contains all the stylistic aspects of the website.
* __archetypes:__ the header format for the lessons
* __layout:__ the templates for each page and the partial HTML components 
  * index.html: the home page
  * 404.html: the error page
  * _default: the list view or single page view of the lessons
  * page: the static page template for the FAQ and Application page
  * partials: HTML components used throughout the site 
* __static:__ the CSS and JavaScript the website will need to function 

### Publishing ###
To publish the site on the master branch:
1. commit and push all new changes 
2. exectute the script `./publish.sh`
The master branch is only used for the published site, checking in code manually to master is highly discourage.

### Acknowledgements ###
This project could not have been done without the efforts of the open source community. 
Please take a glace at [`shoulders.md`][1] to give credit where credit is due.

[1]: https://github.com/icodecamp/icodecamp.github.io/blob/dev/shoulders.md "shoulders.md"
